Update documentation for Subscription v1alpha2 CRD (#16340)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/evnt-01-subscription.md

## Sample custom resource

This sample Subscription custom resource (CR) subscribes to an event called `order.created.v1`.

> > **WARNING:** Prohibited characters in event names under the **spec.types** property, are not supported in some backends. If any are detected, Eventing may remove them. Read [Event names](../evnt-01-event-names.md#event-name-cleanup) for more information.

Reviewer: I think it was good like this: `Eventing will remove`.

Author: Updated.

|-------------|:---------:|--------------|
| **metadata.name** | Yes | Specifies the name of the CR. |
| **metadata.namespace** | No | Defines the Namespace in which the CR is available. It is set to `default` unless your specify otherwise. |

> | **spec.typeMatching** | No | Defines the matching type (`standard` or `exact`) for event types. When it is set to `exact`, Eventing will not do any kind of modifications to the provided `spec.types` internally. It is set to `standard` unless you specify otherwise. |

Reviewer: you provided information for the `exact` type, could you also add one short sentence to describe the `standard` type ?

Author: Updated.

> | **spec.typeMatching** | No | Defines the matching type (`standard` or `exact`) for event types. When it is set to `exact`, Eventing will not do any kind of modifications to the provided `spec.types` internally. In case of `standard`, Eventing will modify the types internally to fulfil the backend requirements. It is set to `standard` unless you specify otherwise. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **spec.typeMatching** | No | Defines the matching type (`standard` or `exact`) for event types. When it is set to `exact`, Eventing does not do any kind of modifications to the provided `spec.types` internally. In case of `standard`, Eventing  modifies the types internally to fulfil the backend requirements. It is set to `standard` unless you specify otherwise. |
```
